=Day  5:  2014-11-11

Today I started with my day with my first attempt at a binary search algorithm in go. This started off very well. I created a test case to go along with the function, set a few default tests, and had the function return false. After that, I mocked up an example with relative ease and was able to pass the test.

Unfortunately, I made two relatively elementary mistakes. Neither of which had to do with go.

The first was I didn't read up on the binary search algorithm. It's been a while since I implemented this algorithm, so I forgot a fundamental issue. I built a wonky mechanism for figuring out what the value to return is. But all of the tests initially passed, which leads me to my second mistake.

I didn't add in enough test cases. I added 3 cases that would find values. Prior to finishing for the day, i decided to add a few extra cases to test high and low values that aren't in the passed array. This, along with a few other additional tests, quickly found the error in my function.

Slight frustration at myself, plus lack of time remaining, I committed my broken algorithm and stopped. I opened it back up late in the day and finished it after I read the algorithm.

Overall, in terms of working with go, this system helped me get familiar with arrays in go. I used a simple for loop that acted as a while loop, and looped through it that way. But there is definate room for improvement.

Tomorrow, or my next day, I'm going to improve the error case to follow the go two return value method for handling errors. I'm also going to look into doing this algorithm recursively instead of using the for loop.

Overall, it was fairly easy to pull this off. I still like go from this initial experience of writing something not in a tutorial. I really enjoy working with typed variables again -- something I never thought I would miss when I moved to work in mostly dynamic languages early in my career.

I'm also finding that I need to spend a little more time investigating the advanced features of acme(1). agofmt has been working well, but it would be easier being able to run my tests straight from acme instead of switching to a term. I have been outputting my test results to a file and loading it into acme, which makes it easy to map errors to line numbers using the right click search.