=Day  2:  2014-11-02

Today  the plan is to finish the go tutorial by building a new library entry. If this goes well, I'll circle back around to the end of the hello world example to see if I can install the hello module that I built.

I entered this example by hand instead of copying and pasting like I did with hello world. It's important to type these simple examples to get a feel for the language before I start writing more complex examples.

I figured out how to install the packages. I set $GOPATH incorrectly -- I didn't use export when I set it. Whoops.



So far, my general take on Go is as follows:
- no endline semi-colons is strange because of how used to doing that I am.
- Most of the syntax is familiar from other languages that I've worked with.
- I like that the type definition follows the variable name. I don't know why, but I've always found the inverse difficult. I typically write my variable name before defining what type I want to use.
- 

Impressions of ACME so far:
- I though I would miss syntax highlighting more than I do. Code that I write in acme is very easy for me to read later. When I pull up code written in VIM or other editors, I find them very hard to read. I didn't realize how much I rely on code coloring when using those editors instead of structuring my code well (which I thought I did a good job of!).
- Sometimes when switching windows, I've accidentally typed stray characters. This could be a problem if I'm not more careful.
- I do like the way the mouse is used. Already after a few days of use, I wish I could do some of the things outside of acme.
- I do miss some keyboard shortcuts. Most notably, the save and the up/down arrows going up and down lines. Those are really the only two that I've noticed that I missed.
- I still have a lot to learn. I do'nt know how to push files from the term to the open acme yet. And I need to figure out how to write shell scripts that work with acme.
- I really want to use the term in acme, but my terminal has way too many special characters that make it almost un-usable. I've removed most of the color codes that I could find, but there are others that don't show up in my normal term editing sequence that I still have to track down. I also miss tab completion in the term.
- 